And keep on. mind that bad doing. And I say, thank you, Lord, for giving me another day to get, and I pray, and I can do something to help somebody.


So 4 o’clock in the morning I didn’t say I gather, and that no woman was speaking for our prayer line.


So I do. Jake saw a puzzle. I used to do a on the board.


Great environment, a box, and have pieces that you lose and say, where did I put it?


But now they made it easy on the highway. and so I don’t lose cases, jigsow, up that song.


I also color in the color of the adult color in books, and I get the inspirational ones.


They have Bible words step often for me to go to the Bible and beat the boys people and the very actor.


Because I want to know why they brought this up this woman. so.


And I, we and television always on to my house. But guess what?


Really not looking at it. I listen to the news and sometimes i’ve blocked it completely out.


But the so on, because it keeps the book of something going on in the house.


When you live by yourself, and make sure that you have some kind of a company.


Also have a lot of company, cause I enjoy people and my love, and I love the my 50 summer


Young friends the same. Me, said I, also involved myself with a lot of people that are much younger than me, and nothing makes me feel rather than and I pick up the phone.


They said Miss Fellas from home, and I say I am.


We stopped him back. it’s always good to have young people around you and in your life, and I enjoyed every it will be checked, even though there was an age, degree, and when I wanted to senior services the majority really all of us


stamp was much younger than me, and while we have a scar right, he also developed a great friendship, and nothing makes me feel better when the doorbell rings, and they say we just stop about to see how you do what you do what you


cook like to go, and I like to entertain, and I like to exchange views with other people because you learn that way and the keeps you act volunteer at my church today.


Is supposed to be a week with usually it’s 3 sometimes It’s 4, and the problem out of the church doing it.


I’m doing it. The health So you have your mind basically looked up when I do a lot of research to done.


So I want people come to me and say, can I get this?


Can I get that i’m usually able to Tell him Where to go pull the sea, and what to do to help themselves?


And it makes me feel good when people are able to do a little something for themselves, because I was able to help them.


And as I looked at this room, I see a lot of me stopping things up in here, and I was saying there’s No, that’s not over the years, and then gave you to be ay if not yet I’ve been retired


I think it’s about 5 years I retired twice based on the Girl Scout Council.


Greater assets, and that said i’m going home and i’m going to travel my life screen was to see as much as I could possibly see.


So you have to be at that like we haven’t talked but now tell you whether I do blue.


I travel, and if you travel in the and around what


So


And the to a lot of people. Bastion I believe it was last year I went to Jerusalem and my boy’s not being the majority of the people.


Madras get certain places with them to stay on the bus.


They look at the hill so I can’t do that and That’s where’d you come for i’m back from the child?


Be right here when we all come back i’m telling you you want to see this world to meet other people and have other experiences.


You better keep Bobby liver so that you can walk won’t see nothing. but you can’t walk don’t take in the middle of place that really want to go to and I like to be about where i’m going so I can


know when I get them what to expect. need to know because tornadoes don’t always tell the whole week, you know they don’t always take you to the places that you really want to go to, and just as an example was in


Jerusalem. I believe it was where they just took you to the places where they get came back.


And what did you want to approaches from the people in the street that were really labor and hard to make money to take care of their families? that you?


They took some people in the place. Really the 3 people to stay on the bus open.


The buses are come on in, and we were just buying from them, coming out of the place.


And except all those prices about me in the stop going for that.


And they were happy, and we were real happy save the money.


And then the Tour Guy came out and said Oh, you can’t do that, We said, sorry it’s done already.


We had when we wanted, and so we got the idea so the next time, he said, Well, if you’re going to do it, please get off the busing back from, and don’t never come along the bus, he said back, and we have but and then


on. but to really, truly, have to keep yourself acting and that’s the most important thing Mark called me. I’ve known for several years.


Now i’ve taken several of studies and that really encourage everyone. if you have not taken the studies by 60. plus So, because it’s merely building information for yourself, knowing that all the doctors I personally hate medicine do not take


it. I like how many active class guess what they love human, and I always would mean.


Then you take run thing and have letters with this and it fixes that, and messes up something else that’s so I do without in da da da for the girls.


Everyone,


Going to car pack. Then he works on me and makes my body feel good.


I have a dislocated shelter from a fall and it wasn’t my shelter never bother me, but my ear was ached, and he explained to me that the nerve that goes from the shoulder of the that’s the


er and don’t you know he takes x-rays on you.


You can see what he’s doing. things going up and warm he gave me a piece of paper with all these red lines, and he said, all those red lines, I mean that’s where I need to work.


And when I went on yesterday, he said, look at this. half the knees are done. A crazy Lord!


I am blessed , years doesn’t make any more so he must have got the right nerve thank God, So I’m just saying to you the more you do for yourself, and the more you do for others God will show me surely bless


you so extend yourself. use your mind dynamic to you to use, and if you don’t use it, you lose it so you can show me